hello and welcome back to the friendly
filmmaking YouTube channel this is Bryce
and I wanted to show you guys these are
the md80 knockoff cameras these are
basically a knockoff of the movie mu VI
cameras that are about 50 bucks
these cameras run less than 20 bucks
generally anywhere from 25 to to 15
dollars generally less than 20 dollars
they come with a 2 gig card generally
installed in them a little micro SD card
they have there's a power on button here
there is a record button here and then
there's a sound sensitivity mode here so
basically if it's anywhere over 65 DB
then it will start recording and
supposedly it will record up to 45
minutes on this card some models that
you'll find they're 640 by 480 and some
are 720 by 480 I forget which one this
one is they come with a variety of
little mounts including little helmet
mounts and and Clippy mounts and stuff
and they use a standard USB plug down
here and it's instantly seen as a flash
drive if you plug that in and there's
also a mode where you can turn the power
on and press the sound button and it
will activate a webcam mode so you can
use it as a webcam so it's a regular USB
cable you'll notice I have a twist tie
on here and that is because a lot of
these mounts the little corner notches
that keep the thing plugged in here you
can see it's charging right now because
that's the light on it but they have
these little notches here that keep it
mounted in there and you can either use
a rubber band or twist tie once those
break off because they're going to break
off and everybody that I know that uses
they use them for like RC or they use
them as spy cameras today I actually
have a plan to use this as a spy camera
attached to the visor of my car because
you have something going on then I want
to get some hidden camera footage of
anyway um so these are really discreet I
mean really no one's going to notice it
it's literally the size of my thumb so
it's very easy to keep hidden you can
you know stash it in some flowers or if
you keep it on the visor of your car it
hardly anyone's going to notice that
it's so tiny the thing that you need to
know about these is that they are
notorious for you get a lemon about half
the time so literally this is a lemon
and that one isn't the that one doesn't
that one does work and this one doesn't
work so I'm probably going to open this
up and and try to see if there's
something loose or something that I can
diagnose but I want you guys to see
these the other thing you need to know
is that they by default they do put a
time stamp on the video and you'll have
to like crop that or edit it out and
they also there's a way to hack the
firmware on it if you if you want to try
it you can take the the EEPROM out of
there and literally reprogram it so it
doesn't put the time stamp on it but
it's kind of a process you can also set
the time and date on it to be
appropriate but the documentation
doesn't really tell you how to do that
so I will put in the description down
there how it worked on mine and if
someone wants to add add to that then
they can but you can put the time stamp
file on the on the camera and then it
you power it up and it will fix the time
anyway I just wanted to show you these
these are really cheap and they're easy
to hide and you can get some really nice
footage that I mean
not like you know they're like a webcam
but the truth is like they get they get
really good framerate and especially
when there's a lot of light
they don't do really really well in low
light but for a little spy camera they
do pretty nice and it beats paying a
whole bunch of money for a hero
if you don't need a hero but I like mine
we've used it to film some RC planes and
stuff put them on RC planes and and
rockets and cars and stuff anyway
they're really cheap I hope you like
these they're kind of fun and if you
don't want to go with the little you
know knockoff cheapo knockoff you don't
want to gamble with that you can
actually go get the V ho mope movie
camera and I'll put the description I'll
put a link in the description for that
too so you guys can find either one you
know these ones are really cheap and
they you know have a pretty pretty bad
track record for shipping you lemons but
the the movie ones have a pretty good
track record there's same camera pretty
much and you can you pretty much get
what you pay for but you know it's some
cool and it's tiny and it's super cheap
so even even the movie one at 50 bucks
is is not that expensive for something
so tiny anyway hope you enjoy this make
sure that you check out the friendly
filmmaking YouTube channel over here and
wait whit the friendly filmmaking
Facebook group right there and friendly
filmmaking dot info and hope that you'll
check that out make sure you click the
subscribe button up there if you like
these videos and you can also click the
previous or the next video
buttons up there anyway I hope you have
a great day and we'll see you next time
bye bye